LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
JADEN, WITH YOUR ASSISTANCE,
I WILL COMPLETE MY MISSION!
Jim: LOOKS LIKE HE'S
TAKING US TOPSIDE, MATES!
IT'S TIME TO GET
YOUR GAME ON, VIPER!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
VENOM SWAMP!
WELCOME TO THE MUCK!
COME FORTH, VENOMINON
THE KING OF POISONOUS SNAKES!
GO, FANGED VENOM!
Jesse: VIPER, WHO ARE
YOU WORKIN' WITH?
HUH?
A FEW YEARS AGO...
I WAS THE LEADER
OF AN ELITE SPECIAL
FORCES TEAM.
SOMETHING HAD CRASH-LANDED
ON EARTH,
AND WE WERE THE GUYS SENT
TO PICK UP THE PIECES.
THAT THING HE FOUND
WAS YOU WASN'T IT!
YES, AND MY NEW FRIEND
WAS TO DO MY BIDDING...
ONCE I DEFEAT YOU,
YOUR DUEL ENERGY
WILL RESURRECT MY SON,
AND WE'LL BE REUNITED!
YOU'VE BEEN SUCKING
ALL THIS ENERGY
FOR SOME CREATURE
TO BRING YOUR SON BACK!
HOW MANY MORE STUDENTS
ARE YOU WILLING TO
SACRIFICE FOR HIM?
JUST ONE MORE.
JADEN IS THE LAST.
YOU'RE GOING TO PAY
FOR DISCARDING ME
THE WAY YOU DID, JADEN...
YOUR SUFFERING HAS
ONLY JUST BEGUN...
HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
YOUR MOVE, JADEN!
OKAY, VIPER...
MY TURN!
AND I SUMMON
CARD TROOPER!
THAT TIN CAN
WON'T HELP YOU.
NOT WITH A MEASLY
400 ATTACK POINTS.
WELL, THIS TIN CAN
HAS GOT SOME REAL
HEART INSIDE OF IT!
HE CAN GET STRONGER.
THANKS TO HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY.
SEE, IF I SEND
THE TOP 3 CARDS
OF MY DECK
TO THE GRAVE,
HE GAINS 1,500
ATTACK POINTS.
PATHETIC!
THAT RUST BUCKET IS STILL
NO MATCH FOR MY KING!
VENOMINON IS
FAR TOO STRONG!
NOW THAT YOUR END
PHASE HAS BEGUN...
CARD TROOPER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY IS
NO LONGER IN EFFECT.
IT'S SNAKE BAIT NOW!
ALL THE POINTS YOUR MONSTER
GAINED ARE LOST,
AND THEN MY VENOM SWAMP
ACTIVATES AND INFLICTS
SOME MORE DAMAGE.
NOW WITH YOUR CARD TROOPER
ALL OUT OF ATTACK POINTS...
MY FIELD SPELL
DESTROYS IT!
SAY GOOD-BYE!
HA HA HA!
UNH!
BUT NOT BEFORE
HIS SECOND ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
SEE, IF HE'S DESTROYED,
I GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD!
LIKE SO!
I END MY TURN.
SHRUG IT OFF, JAY!
MAYBE THAT CARD WILL
HELP YOU NEXT TIME!
BUT THE SARGE HAS GOT TO
MOUNT A BETTER OFFENSIVE.
ONE MORE ROUND
LIKE THE LAST ONE,
AND JADEN COULD BE
A GONER!
COME ON...
HEH HEH HEH!
IT'S MY TURN.
[THINKING]
SOON I WILL HAVE DRAINED
ALL THE ENERGY WE NEED.
AND WITH JADEN'S HELP,
I'LL BE REUNITED WITH MY SON,
ALL THANKS TO IT!
MAKE HIM PAY,
AND THEN YOU TWO CAN PLAY.
HA HA HA!
IT WON'T BE
LONG NOW, MY SON.
MY TURN...
AND MY VENOMINON
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY...
GO, FANGED VENOM!
NOT SO FAST,
BIG GUY!
I PLAY NECRO GARDNA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SINCE HE'S
IN MY GRAVEYARD...
I CAN REMOVE HIM
FROM PLAY,
AND THEN HE CAN BLOCK
ANY VENOM YOUR SNAKES
SHOOT MY WAY.
YOU'RE SIMPLY
PROLONGING THE INEVITABLE.
FACE IT, JADEN,
NO CARD YOU HAVE
CAN SAVE YOU NOW.
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
POOR JADEN.
I HATE TO AGREE
WITH VIPER,
BUT HE MIGHT
HAVE A POINT.
Jesse: NO WAY!
NOW SEE HERE!
IT AIN'T OVER!
JADEN'S ALWAYS GOT
A TRICK UP HIS SLEEVE,
NO MATTER HOW TOUGH
VIPER'S CARDS ARE!
[THINKING]
JESSE'S RIGHT,
MY CARDS HAVE NEVER
LET ME DOWN BEFORE!
AND I'M ABOUT TO
SHOW EVERYONE
THEY'RE NOT GONNA
LET ME DOWN THIS
TIME EITHER!
HERE WE GO!
IT'S MY TURN!
JUST WHAT I WAS
HOPING FOR!
I ACTIVATE:
THE SPELL
MIRACLE FUSION!
IF I HAVE ANY HEROES
IN MY GRAVE,
THIS SPELL LETS ME
REMOVE TWO FROM PLAY.
AND IN THEIR PLACE I GET
TO SUMMON A NEW MONSTER...
SO I'LL SAY GOOD-BYE,
AND YOU CAN SAY HELLO TO
MY ELEMENTAL HERO WILDEDGE!
LOOK AT ALL
OF HIS ATTACK POINTS!
HE'S GOT MORE THAN
VIPER'S VENOMINON DOES!
YEAH, SY,
BUT IF JADEN
DESTROYS VENOMINON,
THEN VIPER'LL
RESURRECT HIM!
RIGHT, I FORGOT.
Jesse: DON'T WORRY!
Both: HUH?
WILDEDGE HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
N'THAT SNAKES TOAST.
YA SEE, THAT
HERO'S UNIQUE.
IT CAN ATTACK ANY
MONSTER ONCE PER ROUND.
SO WHEN VENOMINON REAPPEARS,
HE COUNTS AS A NEW MONSTER,
AND THEN WILDEDGE
CAN ATTACK HIM AGAIN!
OH, YEAH!
THERE'S MORE!
WHEN VENOMINON'S
RESURRECTED,
VIPER HAS TO REMOVE
A REPTILE MONSTER
IN HIS GRAVE
FROM THE GAME!
WHICH MEANS VENOMINON
IS 500 POINTS WEAKER
EACH TIME HE COMES BACK!
Syrus: YEAH!
'AND THAT MEANS...
UM, WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
THAT JADEN'S ABOUT
TO LAY A SMACKDOWN!
WILDEDGE, SLAP
THAT SNAKE SILLY!
ATTACK VENOMINON!
[GROWLING]
[GROANING]
YEE HAW!
NICE ONE!
WOW!
OKAY...
NOW BRING HIM BACK
TO THE FIELD, VIPER.
COME ON...
HA HA HA!
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
HE'S CRACKERS!
I DON'T GET IT...
WHAT'S UP?
[CHIRPS]
MY SINCERE THANKS, JADEN!
FOR WHAT?!
YOU SEE...
WHEN YOUR WILDEDGE
DESTROYED MY VENOMINON,
YOU SET
MY ULTIMATE PLAN
IN MOTION!
AND AS YOU'RE
ABOUT TO FIND OUT,
IT'S A POWERFUL
MOTION INDEED.
THAT DOESN'T
SOUND GOOD.
IT DOES FOR ME,
BECAUSE NOW I
PLAY THE TRAP,
RISE OF THE SACRED DEITY.
THANKS TO THIS, AS SOON AS
MY VENOMINON IS DESTROYED,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
MY GREATEST CREATURE...
NOW COME FORTH...
VENOMINAGA THE DEITY
OF POISONOUS SNAKES!
WHAT'S ALL THIS ABOUT?
WELCOME...
VENOMINAGA!
WHAT IN THE...
EASY, GIRL!
[CHIRPS]
[THINKING]
I KNOW, RUBY,
I WISH I COULD PULL
A DISAPPEARIN' ACT
AS WELL!
FRIGHTENING, ISN'T SHE?
AND HER BITE IS
AS BIG AS HER HISS!
[HISS]
YOU SEE, DUE TO HER
SPECIAL ABILITY,
SHE GETS 500 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY REPTILE CARD
IN MY GRAVE.
THAT MAKES
A GRAND TOTAL OF 3,000!
OH, BOY...
AND NOW, IT'S THAT TIME
OF THE DUEL AGAIN
FOR MY VENOM SWAMP
TO ACTIVATE!
WHICH MEANS 500
ATTACK POINTS ARE GONE
FROM YOUR MONSTER.
[GROANING]
ERR!
HA HA HA!
THERE'S NO ESCAPING
MY SWAMP!
AND NOW...MY TURN!
VENOMINAGA...
ATTACK WITH
VENOM VAPOR BLAST!
SORRY, WILDEDGE!
AND YOU'RE NEXT!
NOW TO UNLEASH
ITS TRUE POWER!
STRIKE JADEN!
OHH!
[HISSES]
[GROANING]
YOU SEE THAT?!
NO!
SO WOOZY...
CAN HARDLY...
SEE STRAIGHT!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU'VE
JUST BEEN POISONED!
THAT PAIN YOU FEEL IS
MY VENOMINAGA'S POISON
COURSING THROUGH YOUR BODY.
IN THREE ROUNDS,
HER SPECIAL
ABILITY KICKS IN...
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS
GO TO ZERO!
THAT CAN'T BE!
IF IT'S TRUE,
HE'S ONLY GOT
3 TURNS
TO BEAT THIS SNAKE,
OR VIPER'S GONNA GET
EVERYTHING HE NEEDS.
OH, NO!
THIS DUEL IS SO MUCH FUN,
I CAN'T TAKE
MY EYE OFF IT...
[THINKING]
THIS GAME MIGHT BE
ALL THE DISTRACTION
I NEED TO ESCAPE...
THIS THING'S HOLD
ON ME SEEMS WEAKER.
NOW IF I COULD ONLY REACH
MY TRANSMITTER TO ACTIVATE...
SOMEBODY'S BEEN
A BAD BOY...
ADRIAN, ADRIAN,
RUN AWAY...
COME BACK TO
PLAY ANOTHER DAY!
I GUESS PLAYTIME
IS OVER.
I HOPE YOU HAD FUN...
'CAUSE I SURE DID.
NOW I JUST GOTTA SHUT
THIS PLACE DOWN, FOR GOOD!
[THINKING]
I GOT 3 TURNS
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
ALL RIGHTY...
NOW IT'S...
MY MOVE!
AND I'M PLAYING
FUSION RECOVERY!
NOW I CAN TAKE
POLYMERIZATION
AND MY ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND ADD THEM TO MY HAND.
THEN I GET TO PLAY
POLYMERIZATION
AND FUSE SPARKMAN
WITH ELEMENTAL
HERO NECROSHADE
TO MAKE: ELEMENTAL
HERO DARKBRIGHT!
CHECK OUT
MY NEW HERO!
[THINKING]
YES, JADEN.
FIGHT BACK.
ALL THE MORE ENERGY
FOR ME TO RAISE MY SON WITH.
NOW I PLAY
MY SPELL CARD:
NECRO SHOT!
WITH NECRO SHOT,
I CHOOSE 3 MONSTER CARDS
FROM YOUR GRAVE...
AND YOU GOTTA REMOVE
THEM FROM PLAY FOR GOOD!
SO GUESS WHAT?
I'M CHOOSIN' THREE
OF YOUR REPTILE CARDS!
HUH?
[SCREECHES]
WITH THAT,
VENOMINAGA
LOSES SOME BITE!
LIKE 1,500
POINTS OF BITE!
WHICH MEANS,
MY DARKBRIGHT
CAN FINISH HER OFF!
GO, DARK FLASH!
SURE NECRO IS DESTROYED
WITH YOUR MONSTERS,
BUT THAT'S GONNA
WORK FOR ME TOO!
BECAUSE NOW THAT
NECRO'S IN THE GRAVE...
I GET TO SEND
A MONSTER THERE TOO.
AND THAT MEANS MY
ELEMENTAL HERO DARKBRIGHT
WILL AUTOMATICALLY SWITCH
RIGHT INTO DEFENSE MODE!
AND THAT ENDS MY TURN!
JADEN, DID YOU THINK
MY ULTIMATE MONSTER COULD
BE DESTROYED SO EASILY?
BECAUSE YOU'D BE MISTAKEN!
UH-OH...
EVEN IF I MY VENOMINAGA
IS DESTROYED DURING BATTLE,
BY SIMPLY REMOVING
A REPTILE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD
FROM PLAY...
I'M STILL ALLOWED TO
RESURRECT A MONSTER
TO MY FIELD.
GUESS WHO?
WELCOME BACK...
VENOMINAGA, DEITY
OF POISONOUS SNAKES!
AND NOW...
VENOM SWAMP ACTIVATES!
WHICH MEANS IT'S TIME
TO PAY THE PYTHON!
MY DRAW.
WATCH THIS!
I PLAY THE SNAKE RAIN
SPELL CARD!
NOW BY REMOVING
ONE CARD FROM MY HAND...
I'M ALLOWED TO SEND
FOUR REPTILE MONSTERS
IN MY DECK TO MY GRAVE.
NOW HER POINTS
INCREASE AGAIN!
ALL THE WAY BACK TO
WHERE THEY WERE BEFORE!
VENOMINAGA, ATTACK!
BAD MOVE, VIPER!
YOU SEE WHEN YOU
DESTROYED MY DARKBRIGHT,
YOU UNLEASHED MY HERO'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
AND THAT MEANS
YOUR MONSTER IS
DESTROYED AS WELL!
WHAT THE?!
SORRY.
BUT ONCE AGAIN,
YOUR MONSTERS ARE
NO MATCH FOR MY SERPENTS.
YOU SEE, NO EFFECTS
CAN HARM VENOMINAGA.
THEY CAN'T?!
NO EFFECTS?!
WHAT'S HE GONNA DO?!
SHE'S TOO TOUGH!
OH, MAN...
THAT'S TWO ROUNDS, JADEN.
YOU HAVE ONE MORE TURN LEFT
BEFORE THE POISON
OF MY VENOMINAGA CAUSES
YOU TO LOSE THE DUEL!
MY SCHEMATICS INDICATE
THAT WITHOUT THIS
POWER SUPPLY...
VIPER'S BIOBANDS WOULD
BE RENDERED USELESS.
SORRY VIP--
Boy of Light: DON'T YOU SEE
WE SHARE THE SAME PAIN?
WE BOTH DESERVED BETTER.
IF YOU HELP ME, ADRIAN,
I WILL SHARE WITH YOU
THE POWER I POSSESS...
AND WE CAN BOTH BEGIN
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT...
[BEEPING]
HUH?
Echo: ADRIAN!
COME IN!
PLEASE RESPOND!
GIVE US YOUR
COORDINATES.
HMM.
ALL HANDS,
MAN YOUR STATIONS ASAP!
PREPARE FOR A SEARCH
AND RESCUE!
WE'RE GETTING
OUR MAN OUT OF THERE!
Jaden: I GOTTA STOP
THIS POISON.
AND I HAVE ONE TURN
TO DO IT.
PLEASE. IT'S OVER.
THERE'S NO CHANCE
THAT YOU'LL WIN
BECAUSE AFTER YOU GO,
VENOMINAGA'S EFFECT
SEALS YOUR DOOM.
A DOOM YOU'LL
SHARE WITH NO ONE!
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU DUEL FOR
NO ONE BUT YOURSELF!
YOU SEE, JADEN,
YOU'RE SELFISH,
ALWAYS HAVE BEEN,
ALWAYS WILL BE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
SELFISH?
DON'T YOU SEE THAT
EVERY DUEL YOU'VE EVER BEEN
A PART OF WAS PLAYED
TO SATISFY
YOUR SELF-CENTERED DESIRE
TO BE NUMBER ONE?
SATISFYING YOUR
OWN INTERESTS AHEAD
OF THE NEEDS OF OTHERS.
THAT MUST BE
AN EASY WAY TO LIVE,
LOOKING OUT FOR YOURSELF
AND NEVER CARING
FOR ANYONE ELSE.
IT'S A LIFESTYLE
UNFAMILIAR TO ME.
I EXIST FOR MY SON.
AND I'LL DO ANYTHING
TO MAKE SURE
THAT HIS WELL-BEING
IS TAKEN CARE OF.
UGH.
HA HA HA!
IN FACT, I'M GOING
TO SACRIFICE YOU.
YOU'RE BUT A PAWN
IN A SIMPLE GAME OF REVENGE.
YOUR SELFISH DESIRE TO
BEST ME AND BE THE HERO
HAS CLOUDED YOUR VISION
THIS ENTIRE DUEL.
BUT I...
BUT NOTHING...
YOUR SELF-CENTEREDNESS
HAS LED TO YOUR DOWNFALL
AND MY SON'S RESURRECTION!
[THINKING]
I'M SELFISH?
Jesse: JADEN!
VIPER'S TRYIN' TO
GET IN YOUR HEAD!
YA HEAR ME!
BUT...
WHAT HE'S SAYIN'
IS ALL HOGWASH!
YOU'RE NOT SELFISH!
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER!
YOU'RE RISKIN' YOUR LIFE
TO SAVE ALL OF US!
EVERYONE'S
COUNTIN' ON YA, JADEN!
SO YA GOTTA STAY FOCUSED,
AND REMEMBER,
YOU'RE NOT ALONE!
'CAUSE WE ALL
GOT YOUR BACK!
AND THAT'S CAUSE YOU'D
PUT YOURSELF IN HARM'S WAY
FOR EVERYONE OF US!
YOU'RE THE MOST
SELFLESS PERSON I KNOW!
JUST THINK OF WHO
YOU'RE HELPIN' HERE!
YA GOT THAT?!
NOW BUCK UP,
AND TAKE VIPER DOWN!
BUT HOW?
TRUST YA'SELF!
AND REALIZE, THAT WE
ALL BELIEVE IN YA!
VIPER'S PLAYING
MIND GAMES WITH ME!
BUT I KNOW WHY
I'M HERE TO DUEL...
TO HELP MY
FELLOW STUDENTS!
AND I KNOW I GOT
THE CARDS TO DO IT!
[THINKING]
THANKS, GUYS, FOR REMINDING
ME WHAT WE'RE ALL ABOUT!
ALL RIGHT,
IT'S MY LAST TURN.
LET'S MAKE IT COUNT!
HERE WE GO!
TIME TO GET
OUR GAME ON!
[THINKING]
DECK, DON'T
FAIL ME NOW!
IT'S MY MOVE!
STILL TRYING?
WHY EVEN BOTHER?
WELL, YOU'RE
ABOUT TO FIND OUT!
I PLAY...
FIFTH HOPE!
AND WITH THIS
SWEET SPELL CARD...
I'M ALLOWED TO TAKE
FIVE ELEMENTAL HEROES BACK
FROM MY GRAVE,
SHUFFLE 'EM UP,
THEN I DRAW 3 NEW CARDS!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE THE SPELLS
COCOON PARTY AND CONTACT!
AND WITH THIS,
I CAN SUMMON
ONE COCOON
FOR EACH NEOS I LOST!
LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S TWO OF 'EM!
OKAY, COCOONS,
LET'S HATCH AND FREE
MY NEO-SPACIANS
GRAND MOLE
AND FLARE SCARAB!
AND NOW, SINCE NECROSHADE
IS IN MY GRAVEYARD,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
LETS ME PLAY
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
FLARE SCARAB,
GRAND MOLE, AND NEOS,
GET READY FOR
TRIPLE CONTACT FUSION!
AWESOME,
A TRIPLE TAG TEAM!
THEY'RE ABOUT TO
LAY A TRIPLE
SLAMDOWN ON 'IM!
HEY, VIPER,
PRESENTING...
ELEMENTAL HERO MAGMA NEOS!
AND FOR EVERY CARD
ON THE FIELD,
HE GETS
400 POINTS STRONGER
THANKS TO HIS
KICK BUTT SPECIAL ABILITY!
BUT WITH THREE CARDS
ON MY FIELD...
AND ANOTHER ON YOURS--
THAT'S RIGHT!
1,600 MORE POINTS GO
TO MY MAGMA NEOS!
AND THAT GIVES HIM
MORE FIREPOWER
THAN ANY MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD.
GO, METEOR MELTDOWN!
[SCREECHES]
I LOST!
NO! MY SON!
HE DID IT!
WHAT AN OFFENSIVE!
UNH!
I HAVE ENOUGH
ENERGY TO BE REBORN...
BUT VIPER LOST AND FAILED
IN MAKING JADEN PAY.
BUT I'LL STILL USE THIS
CRUDE VESSEL TO DO TO JADEN
WHAT VIPER COULD NOT.
VIPER, YOU'VE
EARNED YOUR REWARD.
IT'S ME YOUR SON.
TOO BAD YOU FAILED ME.
BUT I--OHH!
[GASPING]
[GROANING]
WHERE'S THAT STREAM
OF LIGHT COMING FROM?!
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD!
OHH!
[SCREAMING]
[GROANING]
THE POWER IS
FLOWING FREELY.
NOW JADEN WILL FEEL
MY FULL WRATH.
LET'S GO
ON A LITTLE TRIP.
VIPER?!
Jesse: NOPE JUST US!
HOLD UP...
WHAT HAPPENED?!
NOW TO FIGURE A WAY TO
GET DOWN FROM HERE!
OHH!
CRAZY!
Jim: THIS ISN'T
THE DUEL ACADEMY
I REMEMBER.
Alexis: WHAT IS
THIS PLACE?
Hassleberry:
AND WHAT'S WITH ALL
THE SAND, PRIVATES?
SOMETHING
TELLS ME....
WE'RE NOT
IN KANSAS ANYMORE!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH
THE CREW AT THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDIN' TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪